Page load speed is a very important factor for conversion and SEO.
And in this lecture I'm going to show you how you can use a free test to see how fast your pages are
loading and then also get specific instructions on how to increase the load speed of your pages.
All of this is going to be for free and it comes from the most reliable source for SEO Google themselves
.
So if you're not sure what page loads is it's really how fast it takes your page to load up after I
click on it from the search results.
So you can see for example there that was very very quick.
And the reason that this is so important as shown in this article here is that even a 2 second improvement
in page load speeds can increase your conversions more than double.
So 100 percent increase just for two second improvement so that is absolutely massive.
So it really helps increase conversions but also it's important for us.
You know Google obviously is running these tests anyway.
And if they see that your page load speed is very slow they're going to push you down the search results
because obviously they want to present the best information for their searchers.
And if it's slow it's it's not a good service.
So those are the two reasons fire is very important for us.
You know you appear higher in search results if your page is less fast and also you get more conversions
.
Definitely worth while taking this test and taking any actions that you need to to increase your page
load speed.
So that's why it's important.
Now I'm going to show you how it works.
So performing the test is pretty simple.
I'm just going to take randomly or L here and you just popped into this tool.
Then what Google is going to do is analyze the page and give suggestions to make that page load faster
.
So here we go we've got our page speed on both mobile and just hit the top 20 percent.
You can see is highlighted in red and really want to getting this up to 80 out of 100 or above model
then changed to green.
What is great about this as well is that Google has prioritized these fixes for us.
You can see now in red here they should fix these.
Maybe consider fixing.
But really these are the priorities for you to address.
If they do come up.
So just to recap then in this like she learned the importance of ensuring that our page speeds flowed
fast for both CEO and user experience reasons.
And if you want to access this test for yourself in the lecture come across to resources section click
here and open right up.
So hope you enjoyed that lecture.